# Artificial Intelligence in Computer Vision

AiiDA is a workflow manager for computational science. cz-benchmarks is a package for standardized evaluation and comparison of machine learning models. Rbio is a conversational large language model designed to perform biological reasoning. ESM3 is a frontier generative model for biology, able to jointly reason across three fundamental biological properties of proteins: sequence, structure, and function. Aliro is an easy-to-use data science assistant. It allows researchers without machine learning or coding expertise to run supervised machine learning analysis through a clean web interface. OMWebbook is an interactive notebook and a web-based Modelica-Toolbox. FastR is a high-performance implementation of the R programming language, built on GraalVM. BioJava is an open-source project dedicated to providing a Java library for processing biological data. Jenetics is a Genetic Algorithm, Evolutionary Algorithm, Grammatical Evolution, Genetic Programming, and Multi-objective Optimization library. ADAM is a genomics analysis platform with specialized file formats built using Apache Avro, Apache Spark, and Apache Parquet. Sparkling Water provides H2O functionality inside Spark cluster. Enso Analytics is a workflow-based data preparation platform designed for teams. Persistent cluster-friendly scheduler for Java. Pulsar is a distributed pub-sub messaging platform. Agrona provides a library of data structures and utility methods. Datumbox is an open-source Machine Learning framework. H2O Wave is a software stack for building realtime, browser-based applications and dashboards. DataMelt can be used with several scripting languages for the Java platform Jython (Python programming language), Groovy, JRuby (Ruby programming language) and BeanShell. All scripting languages use common DataMelt JAVA API. Data analyses and statistical computations can be done in JAVA. Finally, symbolic calculations can be done using Matlab/Octave high-level interpreted language integrated with JAVA